chore(weekly): add weekly blog post (#721)
packit/packit.dev: weekly/2023/week-34.md

---
title: Week 34 in Packit
date: 2023-08-28
authors: mfocko
tags:
  - 2023-August
  - 2023
  - August
---

## Week 34 (August 22nd – August 28th)

- We have fixed a bug in `packit source-git init` caused by the changed behaviour in the newer version of rpmbuild. ([packit#2048](https://github.com/packit/packit/pull/2048))
- We have fixed an issue in our API endpoint that could cause DoS until manual intervention from our team. ([packit-service#2164](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/2164))
- We have fixed a bug causing broken retriggering of Github checks. ([packit-service#2161](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/2161))

> - SRPM builds statuses, for monorepos projects, are now updated. ([packit-service#2157](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/2157))

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- SRPM build commit statuses, for monorepos projects, are now being correctly updated. ([packit-service#2157](https://github.com/packit/packit-service/pull/2157))
```
